dbt1700 (#9149)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/parsing.md

</File>

:::note <Constant name="fusion" /> and partial parsing

> In <Constant name="fusion" /> job runs, the `--partial-parse` and `--no-partial-parse` CLI flags are deprecated. Passing them may log deprecation warning `dbt1700`. Remove these flags from <Constant name="fusion" /> job commands. For more information, refer to [Deprecated flags](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-fusion#deprecated-flags) in the guide to upgrading to the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Constant name="fusion" /> job runs no longer support the `--partial-parse` and `--no-partial-parse` CLI flags. If you pass them (for example, from a <Constant name="core" />command or script), dbt logs deprecation warning `dbt1700`. Remove these flags from your <Constant name="fusion" /> job commands. For more information, refer to [Deprecated flags](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-fusion#deprecated-flags) in the guide to upgrading to the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />.

```
